hi I'm Whitney from eco vegan gal calm
and welcome back to my kitchen today I'm
going to show you how to make a healthy
crappuccino that is sugar-free and
caffeine free the star of this recipe is
ticino it is a coffee alternative
completely caffeine free all natural and
a lot of the options that you can buy
our organic you'll probably never want
to have coffee again in fact a lot of
people rely on coffee thinking that they
need it for energy the great thing about
this recipe is that it's a natural
energy booster without the caffeine so
you get the coffee taste and then you
get the energy boost from natural foods
like almonds and you get a little bit of
a sugar high from the dates and stevia
in there you're going to love this oh
not to mention it's incredibly
refreshing I just like crave the cup
flavor of coffee a tree now in men and
something kind of cool and sweet and
this totally satisfies that desire so
come on over and I'll show you how to
make it
and that ladies and gentlemen is how you
make a healthy caffeine free sugar free
crappuccino and you can drink it with a
glass straw this one's like last Dharma
love them mmm Wow so it gets better
every time I make it speaking of which
it really helps to kind of adjust based
on your tastes some people like it more
coffee flavor more sugary flavor thicker
thinner whatever you want just use the
recipe i just gave you as a general
guideline to perfect it to your own
taste buds but i'm going to go enjoy
this and share someone my boyfriend
loves it it's a great way to get
boyfriends and girlfriends and friends
and family and everyone else do you know
off caffeine for more recipes you can
visit the eco vegan gal youtube channel
don't forget to subscribe so you're
always the first to know you can follow
me on facebook and twitter and of course
at visit at eco vegan gal com I'm
Whitney Lauritsen thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time
you